Fix/remove all trailing bars (#1027)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/plugins/woocommerce/integration.en.md

> 1. Create a [seller account](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/registration-company?confirmation_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]%2Fcomo-cobrar)  in Mercado Pago if you don’t have one yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a [seller account](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/registration-company?confirmation_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]%2Fcomo-cobrar) in Mercado Pago if you don’t have one yet.
```

2. Obtain the Access Token and Public Key [credencials]([FAKER][CREDENTIALS][URL]) and paste them into the Production and Testing fields that you will find in the module configuration.

> 3. Approve the account to [go to Production](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/goto-production) and receive money from your sales in Mercado Pago.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Approve the account to [go to Production](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/goto-production) and receive money from your sales in Mercado Pago.
```
